CFE-608: Release note for External DNS Operator (#50951)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-12-release-notes.adoc

[id="ocp-4-12-networking"]
=== Networking

[id="ocp-4-12-external-dns-operator"]
== External DNS Operator

> In {product-title} 4.12, the External DNS Operator modifies the ExternalDNS wildcard TXT records on AzureDNS. The External DNS Operator replaces the asterisk with `any` in ExternalDNS wildcard TXT records. You must avoid the ExternalDNS wildcard TXT records starting with `any` because this might cause a conflict.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In {product-title} 4.12, the External DNS Operator modifies the format for the ExternalDNS wildcard TXT records on AzureDNS. The External DNS Operator replaces the asterisk with `any` in ExternalDNS wildcard TXT records. You must avoid the ExternalDNS wildcard A and CNAME records starting with `any` because this might cause a conflict.
```

Author: Addressed

> In {product-title} 4.12, the External DNS Operator modifies the format of the ExternalDNS wildcard TXT records on AzureDNS. The External DNS Operator replaces the asterisk with `any` in ExternalDNS wildcard TXT records. You must avoid the ExternalDNS wildcard A and CNAME records starting with `any` because this might cause a conflict.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In {product-title} 4.12, the External DNS Operator modifies the format of the ExternalDNS wildcard TXT records on AzureDNS. The External DNS Operator replaces the asterisk with `any` in ExternalDNS wildcard TXT records. You must avoid the ExternalDNS wildcard A and CNAME records having `any` leftmost subdomain because this might cause a conflict.
```

Author: Acked
